Start cross-referencing experimental features (#8174)
NixOS/nix: doc/manual/src/language/advanced-attributes.md

    about converting to and from base-32 notation.)

  - [`__contentAddressed`]{#adv-attr-__contentAddressed}
    > **Warning**

>     > This attribute is part of an [experimental feature](@docroot@/glossary.md#gloss-experimental-features).

Reviewer: The link should point to the page, not the glossary. The glossary is an entry point, not the source of truth.

Author: ```suggestion
    > This attribute is part of an [experimental feature](@docroot@/contributing/experimental-features.md).
```

  - [`unsafeDiscardReferences`]{#adv-attr-unsafeDiscardReferences}\
    > **Warning**

>     > This attribute is part of an [experimental feature](@docroot@/glossary.md#gloss-experimental-features).

Author: ```suggestion
    > This attribute is part of an [experimental feature](@docroot@/contributing/experimental-features.md).
```
